Change docs to use decidim_system:create_admin command (#9372)
decidim/decidim: decidim-system/README.md

## Managing System admins

For logging in to this dashboard, you'll need to create a system admin account from your terminal:

```bash
bin/rails decidim_system:create_admin
```

You'll be asked for an email and a password. For security, the password will not get displayed back at you and you'll need to confirm it.

Once you have created your first admin you can access the system dashboard at `/system`. For instance, if you have Decidim running at `https://example.org`, this URL would be `https://example.org/system`.
You'll be able to login with your newly created user.

From the system dashboard you can add new admins.

⚠️ If you need to reset your administrator password you'll need to do it by entering the Rails console and changing it manually. ⚠️

. Open the rails console:
```bash
bin/rails console
```
. Run the following instructions, changing them accordingly:
```ruby

> system_admin = Decidim::System::Admin.find 1                                  # for the first system admin

Reviewer: If you really want the first available:
```suggestion
system_admin = Decidim::System::Admin.order(:id).first                        # for the first system admin
```
